Ah... So that's Ryu-chan?
Niiyama Girls'
I know this is gonna sound rude,
but what's so great about him?
Ryu-chan and I were neighbors up until
I moved away in fourth grade.
Hey, giant girl.
Make sure
to do your
proper
greetings
Don't just stop there.
We humans can't get by!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Crap! It's Tanaka from Class 2!
Hey, you're really tall and
super cool, so straighten up!
Okay, I'm gonna take you to
the best place ever today.
Comin' through!
Ryunosuke! I told you to
quit with that greeting!
I don't know how to explain it...
But he really helped me build up
confidence in myself...
Uh-huh, really? Right...
I didn't say anything to
embarrass you that much!
How shy are you?!
I... have a chance?
How about I walk you home?
That's okay.
I'll hold that for you!
Just practice.
I didn't stand a chance up until now...
But now I have a chance...
Which means I...
I've just been born.
Uh, Tanaka? Get a grip!
You've been alive this whole time.
This is all your fault, Ennoshita!
Yeah, whatever.
Haikyu!!
Miyagi
Karasuno
Episode 13: The Second Day
Great job today.
I'm sure that you're already
thinking about tomorrow,
but please, allow me to say this.
Congratulations on your important
victory at nationals.
Yeah!
All right, let's talk about tomorrow.
I mean... The reality isn't gonna
change, so I'll just say it...
We're going up against the second-place
team from this year's Inter-High.
Inarizaki High School
Inarizaki High School, representing Hyogo.
Well, you know...
You can call them the favorites
to win this whole thing.
First, their top scorer
is their #4, Ojiro Aran.
He's both very tall and powerful.
Just like Fukurodani's Bokuto,
he's just outside of being one
of the top three hitters in Japan.
And when he's on his game,
he has the ability to surpass that.
Just like when we faced Ushiwaka,
you always need to think about
stopping him and getting the ball.
We'll counter him with our total defense.
And this is their middle blocker, #10 Suna Rintaro.
He's actually shorter than
most middle blockers
but his instincts are on point.
Make sure you're constantly
on him when he attacks.
He'll definitely get used
to our quick attack, too.
Make sure you take advantage of the
space you have when you attack.
Ojiro and Suna are
Inarizaki's main guns,
but the one that's going
to cause real trouble
is the one who can precisely all
of the spikers, including those two...
Their setter, Miya Atsumu.
Kageyama, you probably met him
at the youth training camp.
Yes.
That guy's said to be the
best setter high school...
Supposedly, the way he sets
the ball makes it look
like the spiker's gotten better.
To be honest, his sets
are really easy to hit.
They're consistent and don't waver.
You're actually admitting that?
Well, his setting isn't the only
thing we have to watch out for.
His serves.
Yeah.
Miya-san's basically been dual-wielding spike
serves and jump floaters for a while now.
So we won't know what he'll hit us
with until the last second.
It'll be hard to form a
serve-receive formation, then.
I heard that he earned the best server award
at both the Inter-Middle
and Inter-High tournaments.
I really didn't need to hear that...
Sorry.
We just won a game, but everyone
already looks terrifyingly serious.
The second seed...
Out of the dozens of teams listed here,
we get stuck playing the second-best team?
The top two teams in the country...
That means we get to play both of them!
That's if the top seed Itachiyama
makes it all the way to the finals.
They're in the other block.
Oh, yeah.
But then whatever team beat Itachiyama
would become the best, right?
Oh, yeah...
Wait, what?
I just can't with you two... I really can't.
How are you two so ridiculously confident?!
Man, it's cold...
Karasuno High School
Volleyball Club
Hey, Asahi. You can do that thing now.
Huh?
The thing where you mention that it's
finally our last tournament, or something.
I didn't let you say it at the Inter-High.
This probably isn't the time for that.
It's sorta weird, though.
When you're all panicky, I somehow
don't feel panicky for once.
Oh, shut up.
Looks like both the energetic
crew and the airheaded crew
finally ran down their batteries.
Well, everything's been a bit different,
including our warm ups.
They were probably way more
tired than they realized.
Jaybird Inn
We all need to make sure we don't get hurt.
Yeah.
Mentally
Tough
Damn it, what the hell? Am I nervous?
No, this is one of those situations where
my adrenaline's just pumpin'...
Oh, Ryu-chan.
Oh...
Oh, hey, Kanoka...
You've definitely got a chance.
I guess it's pretty cold in Tokyo, too.
Yeah...
How's Saeko-chan doing?
She's good... How's your family?
They're all doing well.
Ryu-chan...
So, um... I...
You've got a chance
It's not even just a chance
You've definitely got a chance
Chance   Chance   Chance   Chance   Chance   Chance   Chance   Chance
I... I... I... I...
S-Sorry! I already have
my heart set on another!
What are you doing, Kanoka? Wait inside.
It's cold out here.
Kanoka grew into a beautiful young woman.
The city at night...
An older city boy...
Did I... just completely...
misunderstand the situation?
Pretend I never said anything!
Huh?!
Oh, hey. My mom hand-stitched
this again, but...
Certain Victory
You can do it, Kanoka
Ko-niichan... I think I might've
just gotten my heart broken.
Huh?! U-Uh, it'll be okay?
Sorry, it's nothing...
I didn't come here to fall in love.
O-Oh, really?
I'm... going to win every game.
We're the second game.
We can practice on the court
at 8 AM for thirty minutes.
Let's be quick.
Right!
Pardon me. Spiking drills
are up next, right?
Huh?
Um...
Is he the coach for Inarizaki?
He definitely seems used to all of this!
We'd like to spend some more
time serving if that's all right!
If their setter, Miya Atsumu,
is super awesome,
then we should probably aim for him
when we send the ball back, right?
Yeah! That's a super smart idea, Shoyo!
Hang on, now...
The recording we saw just now was
of their qualifier finals match,
but during that game, the
player who they usually have
in the opposite position wasn't at
a hundred percent, so he sat out.
The opposite... The player who stands
opposite of the setter, right?
The same position as Sawamura-san
and Ushiwaka-san.
There's a good chance that they're
going to have that player this time.
That's right...
"Even if you manage to contain Miya Atsumu,"
"his twin brother Osamu will make up for him."
The best twins in the high
school volleyball scene...
The Miya Brothers.
Haikyu!!
Inarizaki's first match is today,
so how's the team doing?
Right.
The first match can be rather scary
and nerve-racking for any team,
but we're all pretty calm.
Inarizaki High School Captain
Kita Shinsuke
We're in top shape, so I'm
pretty confident we'll be fine.
So what's your goal for this tournament?
Hey, isn't that Machino,
the announcer lady?
To win, of course.
Who's that?!
What if she tries to interview
us, too? What should we do?
They're only talking to powerhouse
schools, aren't they?
Don't worry. They won't come to us.
Right...
Yamaguchi! Peace signs! Let's
go throw up some peace signs!
Huh?
Please don't.
I ended up getting told off, too!
Listen up.
You're way more impressive
than you seem to realize!
That goes for your face and your body!
It's not like Ryu-chan
has a girlfriend, right?
Then keep pushing!
Keep pushing, and he'll be yours.
But...
Hey, Kanoka. What's wrong?
I can't get any serves over at all...
How can I get better?
Just keep trying until you can!
Okay!
Yeah!
She probably didn't take that
in the direction I meant,
but whatever.
Karasuno High School
Volleyball Club
I'm so sorry for saying such weird
things out of the blue yesterday!
Forget I ever said anything!
No, no, it's fine!
I'm sorry that Nii-chan
showed up out of nowhere.
Wait. Did you always
have an older brother?
He's a cousin that lives over here.
Whenever I have a match in the city,
he always brings over
good luck charms and other gifts.
Hey, he sounds like a great guy.
Huh? Then wait...
Thinking it was a misunderstanding
was a misunderstanding...
So, um, I...
I don't slouch anymore
because of you, Ryu-chan.
Niiyama Girls'
I've gotten really good,
so watch me, okay?
A New Rising Star!
Amanai Kanoka
Niiyama Girls' High School
(Miyagi)   Wing Spiker
That's right... Kanoka is a lot better now.
I'm the one who's getting left behind...
I ain't gonna lose!
Hinata, you dumbass!
I wanna hurry up and start jumping!
You look like you're rarin' to go.
Heya.
How're you doin', Tobio-kun?
Fine, thanks.
That one's Miya... Atsumu, right?
Do your best out there today.
I absolutely hate playin'
against people who suck.
Damn...
Elites sure are scary.
Yeah, sorry about that.
Why are you apologizing?!
Kageyama, you jerk!
But I don't suck.
Yes, I'm very aware of that.
Though he sucks.
How can you say that?!
But he's not weak, so I think we'll be okay.
The first match is in the
middle of their second set.
Even in our alternate uniforms,
Noya-san looks like the star of the show!
I know, right?
Kageyama, orange really isn't your color.
Shut up, you human tangerine.
The hell did you say?!
These do feel different, but what can we do?
Inarizaki High School
Our opponents are in black, too.
You're somehow even more annoying now.
Tsukishima!
You're the last one who should
probably be saying that, Tsukishima.
Must be nice... How are they
able to stay that calm?
But you know, Hinata doesn't
really get nervous anymore.
Huh?
He seems to be way more
excited than nervous now.
He's actually maturing.
Oh, yeah. Earlier...
Atsumu
Osamu
I saw some girls hold Miya Atsumu hand fans.
What is he, an idol?
He pretty much is.
He's got a different kind of popularity
than the champions, Itachiyama.
He's definitely got the skills
and impressive plays.
He's the ultimate challenger that
has both of those qualities.
They feature him a lot on TV, too.
No one in this arena even
knows that we exist...
What the heck, Daichi?! Get a grip!
It gets me even more fired up!
Looks like Daichi's finally back.
You were pretty tame yesterday.
I was just concentrating.
All right, let's move.
Right!
Go, go, let's go! Let's go, Ina High!
I really can't take their
cheering section...
Go, go, let's go! Let's go, Ina High!
Does Inarizaki have a high-level
marching band, too?
My stomach...
Those huge horns are super cool!
Atsumu!
Miya Osamu                         Miya Atsumu
Aran!
Osamu!
Miya-senpai!
All right, let's go!
Let's go!
LET'S GO!
Yeah!
Official Warm Ups
Inarizaki                                                Karasuno
Nice kill!
Last one!
Soul swap delayed spike!
Wow!
Uh, I'm pretty sure that's
not a delayed spike.
I think he just wanted to say that.
Did the setter just spike right now?
That was actually pretty good.
But isn't the guy who set even better?
Good job, Miyas!
Hinata, nice kill!
Man, that kid sure can jump.
Inarizaki                                                           Karasuno
Miya Osamu                         Miya Atsumu
All right, the match between the Hyogo
representative, Inarizaki High School,
Inarizaki High School
Miyagi
Karasuno
and the Miyagi Prefecture representative,
Karasuno High School, is about to begin!
Let's play!
All right!
Damn it... Why are we
freaking out? Calm down!
No one thought Karasuno
would beat Shiratorizawa.
Let's surprise everyone yet again!
Yeah!
We Don't Need the Memories
Wh-What the heck was that?!
That was super cool!
Ready...
Uh-oh.
...go!
We Don't Need the Memories
Osamu
Atsumu
Nice serve!
Hey, loosen up a bit.
You guys are stiff as boards!
It's not like he's throwing knives at you!
Right!
He's looking at us!
Don't interrupt my serve again,
you squealin' pigs.
Sorry. Could you keep it
down during the serves?
Osamu
Atsumu
Wh-What?
They do it all the time on TV!
O...
...ut!
Damn it!
Lame.
Shut yer trap!
My serve toss got a bit away from me.
Inarizaki                                                      Karasuno
Asahi! Stay focused!
We Don't Need the Memories
Boo!
Is the crowd... actually booing?
At the server?
They make sure to stay perfectly
quiet for their own team's server,
but make sure to be loud and cause
a fuss when the opponents serve.
Their fans are definitely trained.
Uh-oh! It got caught on the net!
Sorry.
We'll get the next one!
Both teams are showing strong serves as
each side tries to build momentum.
Could the one to keep our eye on this match
be the one people are calling the
top high school setter,
Inarizaki's Miya Atsumu?
Indeed. But we should keep our
eyes on Karasuno's setter, as well.
Karasuno High School's Kageyama Tobio...
He's another skilled player who was invited
to the All-Japan Youth Camp this year.
We're definitely seeing a setter battle
between the East and the West!
That jump was really good!
I forgot to hit!
If you can't jump and hit at the
same time, don't even try, dumbass!
Did he just say that he forgot to hit?
He did.
Are you sayin' the jumps we've seen
so far ain't the highest he can go?
Is he really experimenting
while playing against us?
I figured Tobio-kun was the kind of guy who
marched to the beat of his own drum...
But apparently that kid's just as bad.
Haikyu!!